
Privacy Policy
Effective as of 4/10/2025.

Please click here to view the previous version of our Privacy Policy.

This Privacy Policy describes how Gamma Tech, Inc. ("Gamma," "we",“us” or "our") processes personal information that we collect through our digital or online properties or services that link to this Privacy Policy (including as applicable, our website, marketing activities (including in relation to business prospects), live events and other activities described in this Privacy Policy (collectively, the “Service”)). Gamma may provide additional or supplemental privacy policies to individuals for specific products or services that we offer at the time we collect personal information.

Gamma provides an AI-based platform that generates and/or optimizes presentations, documents, and webpages. This Privacy Policy does not apply to information that we process on behalf of our business customers while providing the Gamma platform to them. Our use of information that we process on behalf of our business customers may be governed by our agreements with such customers. If you have concerns regarding your personal information that we process on behalf of a business customer, please direct your concerns to that enterprise customer.

NOTICE TO EUROPEAN USERS: Please see the Notice to European Users section for additional information for individuals located in the European Economic Area or United Kingdom (which we refer to as “Europe”, and “European” should be understood accordingly) below.

Index
Personal information we collect
How we use your personal information
How we share your personal information
Your choices
Other sites and services
Security
International data transfers
Children
Changes to this Privacy Policy
How to contact us
Notice to European Users
Personal information we collect
Information you provide to us. Personal information you may provide to us through the Service or otherwise includes:

Contact data, such as your first and last name, salutation, email address, billing and mailing addresses, professional title and company name, and phone number.

Demographic data, such as your city, state, country of residence, postal code, and age.

Profile data, such as your username and password.

Communications data based on our exchanges with you, including when you contact us through the Service, social media, or otherwise.

Transactional data, such as information relating to or needed to complete your orders on or through the Service, including payment details, order numbers and transaction history.

Marketing data, such as your preferences for receiving our marketing communications and details about your engagement with them.

User-generated content, such as photos, images, videos, presentations, and other content or information that you generate, transmit, or otherwise make available on the Service, as well as associated metadata.

Other data not specifically listed here, which we will use as described in this Privacy Policy or as otherwise disclosed at the time of collection.

Third-party sources. We may combine personal information we receive from you with personal information we obtain from other sources, such as:

Public sources, such as government agencies, public records, social media platforms, and other publicly available sources.

Private sources, such as data providers, social media platforms (e.g., where you choose to log-in to the Service through a social media platform) and data licensors.

Our affiliate partners, such as our affiliate network provider and publishers, influencers, and promoters who participate in our paid affiliate programs.

Marketing partners, such as joint marketing partners and event co-sponsors.

Third-party services, such as social media services, that you use to log into, or otherwise link to, your Service account. This data may include your username, profile picture and other information associated with your account on that third-party service that is made available to us based on your account settings on that service.

Automatic data collection. We, our service providers, and our business partners may automatically log information about you, your computer or mobile device, and your interaction over time with the Service, our communications and other online services, such as:

Device data, such as your computer or mobile device’s operating system type and version, manufacturer and model, browser type, screen resolution, RAM and disk size, CPU usage, device type (e.g., phone, tablet), IP address, unique identifiers, language settings, mobile device carrier, radio/network information (e.g., Wi-Fi, LTE, 3G), and general location information such as city, state or geographic area.

Online activity data, such as pages or screens you viewed, how long you spent on a page or screen, the website you visited before browsing to the Service, navigation paths between pages or screens, information about your activity on a page or screen, access times and duration of access, and whether you have opened our emails or clicked links within them.

Communication interaction data such as your interactions with our email, text or other communications (e.g., whether you open and/or forward emails) – we may do this through the use of pixel tags (which are also known as clear GIFs), which may be embedded invisibly in our emails.

Cookies. Some of our automatic data collection is facilitated by cookies and similar technologies. For more information, see our Cookie Notice. We will also store a record of your preferences in respect of the use of these technologies in connection with the Service.

How we use your personal information
We may use your personal information for the following purposes or as otherwise described at the time of collection:

Service delivery and operations. We may use your personal information to:

provide, operate and improve the Service and our business;

personalize the service, including remembering the devices from which you have previously logged in and remembering your selections and preferences as you navigate the Service;

communicate with you about the Service, including by sending Service-related announcements, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;

communicate with you about events or contests in which you participate;

understand your needs and interests, and personalize your experience with the Service and our communications; and

provide support for the Service, and respond to your requests, questions and feedback.

Research and development. We may use your personal information for research and development purposes, including to analyze and improve the Service and our business and to develop new products and services and to train our artificial intelligence models. As part of these activities, we may create aggregated, de-identified and/or anonymized data from personal information we collect. We make personal information into de-identified or anonymized data by removing information that makes the data personally identifiable to you. We may use this aggregated, de-identified or otherwise anonymized data and share it with third parties for our lawful business purposes, including to analyze and improve the Service and promote our business.

Marketing. We, our service providers and our third-party advertising partners may collect and use your personal information for the following marketing purposes:

Direct marketing. We may send you direct marketing communications, including our newsletter where you have provided your consent. You may opt-out of our marketing communications as described in the Opt-out of marketing section below.

Events. We may use your personal information to administer events that we organize or sponsor.

Service improvement and analytics. We may use your personal information to analyze your usage of the Service, improve the Service, improve the rest of our business, help us understand user activity on the Service, including which pages are most and least visited and how visitors move around the Service, as well as user interactions with our emails, and to develop new products and services.

Compliance and protection. We may use your personal information to:

comply with applicable laws, lawful requests, and legal process, such as to respond to subpoenas, investigations or requests from government authorities, and to comply with our anti-money laundering, Know-Your-Customer, and/or similar obligations;

protect our, your or others’ rights, privacy, safety or property (including by making and defending legal claims);

audit our internal processes for compliance with legal and contractual requirements or our internal policies;

enforce the terms and conditions that govern the Service; and

prevent, identify, investigate and deter fraudulent, harmful, unauthorized, unethical or illegal activity, including cyberattacks and identity theft.

With your consent. In some cases, we may specifically ask for your consent to collect, use or share your personal information, such as when required by law.

Retention
We generally retain personal information to fulfill the purposes for which we collected it, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements, to establish or defend legal claims, or for fraud prevention purposes. To determine the appropriate retention period for personal information, we may consider factors such as the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal information, the purposes for which we process your personal information and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.

When we no longer require the personal information we have collected about you, we may either delete it, anonymize it, or isolate it from further processing.

How we share your personal information
We may share your personal information with the following parties and as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy, in other applicable notices, or at the time of collection.

Affiliates. Our corporate parent, subsidiaries, and affiliates.

Service providers. Third parties that provide services on our behalf or help us operate the Service or our business (such as hosting, information technology, customer support, email delivery, marketing, consumer research and website analytics).

Payment processors. Any payment card information you use to make a purchase on the Service is collected and processed directly by our payment processors, such as Stripe. Stripe may use your payment data in accordance with its privacy policy, https://stripe.com/privacy.

Third parties designated by you. We may share your personal information with third parties where you have instructed us or provided your consent to do so. We will share personal information that is needed for these other companies to provide the services that you have requested.

Business partners. For example, third parties with whom we co-sponsor events and those with whom we jointly offer services.

Professional advisors. Professional advisors, such as lawyers, auditors, bankers and insurers, where necessary in the course of the professional services that they render to us.

Authorities and others. Law enforcement, government authorities, and private parties, as we believe in good faith to be necessary or appropriate for the Compliance and protection purposes described above.

Business transferees. We may disclose personal information in the context of actual or prospective business transactions (e.g., investments in Gamma, financing of Gamma, public stock offerings, or the sale, transfer or merger of all or part of our business, assets or shares), for example, we may need to share certain personal information with prospective counterparties and their advisers. We may also disclose your personal information to an acquirer, successor, or assignee of Gamma as part of any merger, acquisition, sale of assets, or similar transaction, and/or in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership in which personal information is transferred to one or more third parties as one of our business assets.

Other users and the public. Your profile and other user-generated content (except for messages) may be visible to other users of the Service and the public. For example, other users of the Service or the public may have access to your information if you chose to make your profile or other personal information available to them through the Service.

Your choices
Users who are located in Europe can find additional information about their rights in the Notice to European Users section.

Opt-out of communications. You may opt-out of marketing-related emails by following the opt-out or unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of the email, or by contacting us. Please note that if you choose to opt-out of marketing-related emails, you may continue to receive service-related and other non-marketing emails.

Cookies. For information about cookies employed by the Service and how to control them, see our Cookie Notice.

Do Not Track. Some Internet browsers may be configured to send “Do Not Track” signals to the online services that you visit. We currently do not respond to “Do Not Track” or similar signals. To find out more about “Do Not Track,” please visithttp://www.allaboutdnt.com.

Declining to provide information. We need to collect personal information to provide certain services. If you do not provide the information we identify as required or mandatory, we may not be able to provide those services.

Linked third-party platforms. If you choose to connect to the Service through your social media account or other third-party platform, you may be able to use your settings in your account with that platform to limit the information we receive from it. If you revoke our ability to access information from a third-party platform, that choice will not apply to information that we have already received from that third party.

U.S. state privacy rights. Depending on your state of residency, applicable laws may provide for certain privacy rights. To learn more about, exercise, or appeal our decision regarding such rights, please contact us at privacy@gamma.app. If we use your personal information for targeted advertising purposes, you may opt-out of that process by using our Cookie Preference Center.

Other sites and services
The Service may contain links to websites, mobile applications, and other online services operated by third parties. In addition, our content may be integrated into web pages or other online services that are not associated with us. These links and integrations are not an endorsement of, or representation that we are affiliated with, any third party. We do not control websites, mobile applications or online services operated by third parties, and we are not responsible for their actions. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of the other websites, mobile applications and online services you use.

Security
We employ a number of technical, organizational and physical safeguards designed to protect the personal information we collect. However, security risk is inherent in all internet and information technologies and we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information.

International data transfer
We may use service providers that operate in other countries. Your personal information may be transferred to the United States or other locations where privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your state, province, or country.

Users in Europe should review the Notice to European Users section for information on international data transfers from Europe.

Children
The Service is not intended for use by anyone under 16 years of age. If you are a parent or guardian of a child from whom you believe we have collected personal information in a manner prohibited by law, please contact us using the details in the ‘How to contact us’ section. If we learn that we have collected personal information through the Service from a child without the consent of the child’s parent or guardian as required by law, we will comply with applicable legal requirements to delete the information.

Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by updating the date of this Privacy Policy and posting it on the Service or other appropriate means. Any modifications to this Privacy Policy will be effective upon our posting the modified version (or as otherwise indicated at the time of posting). In all cases, your use of the Service after the effective date of any modified Privacy Policy indicates your acknowledging that the modified Privacy Policy applies to your interactions with the Service and our business.

How to contact us
Email: privacy@gamma.app

Mail: 2261 Market Street #4544, San Francisco, CA 94114

Notice to European Users
General
Where this Notice to European Users applies. The information provided in this “Notice to European Users” section applies only to individuals in the United Kingdom and the European Economic Area (i.e., “Europe” as defined at the top of this Privacy Policy).

Personal information. References to “personal information” in this Privacy Policy should be understood to include a reference to “personal data” as defined in the “GDPR” (i.e., the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (“EU GDPR”) and the EU GDPR as it forms part of the laws of the United Kingdom (“UK GDPR”). In the GDPR, “personal data” means information about individuals from which they are either directly identified or can be identified.

Controller. Gamma is the controller in respect of the processing of your personal information covered by this Privacy Policy for purposes of the GDPR. See the ‘How to contact us’ section above for our contact details.

Our GDPR Representatives

Our EU representative appointed under the EU GDPR is Data Protection Representative Limited, trading as DataRep. You can contact them by using the following details:

By email to: gamma@datarep.com
By post to: DataRep, 3rd and 4th floor, Altmarkt 10 B/D, Dresden, 01067, Germany
Our UK representative appointed under the UK GDPR is Data Protection Representative Limited, trading as DataRep. You can contact them by using the following details:

By email to: gamma@datarep.com
By post to: DataRep, 107-111 Fleet Street, London, EC4A 2AB, United Kingdom
Our legal bases for processing
In respect of each of the purposes for which we use your personal information, the GDPR requires us to ensure that we have a “legal basis” for that use.

Our legal bases for processing your personal information described in this Privacy Policy are listed below.

Where we need to perform a contract, we are about to enter into or have entered into with you (“Contractual Necessity”).

Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests (“Legitimate Interests”). More detail about the specific legitimate interests pursued in respect of each Purpose we use your personal information for is set out in the table below.

Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation (“Compliance with Law”).

Where we have your specific consent to carry out the processing for the Purpose in question (“Consent”).

We have set out below, in a table format, the legal bases we rely on in respect of the relevant Purposes for which we use your personal information – for more information on these Purposes and the data types involved, see ‘How we use your personal information’

Purpose	Categories of personal information involved	Legal basis
Service delivery and operations	
Contact data
Demographic data
Profile Data
Communications data
Transactional data
User-generated content
Data from Third Party Services
Device data
Contractual Necessity
Research and development 	
Contact data
Demographic data
Communications data
User-generated content
Device data
Online activity data
Communication interaction data
Legitimate Interests

We have legitimate interest in improving our business by understanding more about how end users make use of our Services and platform and training our artificial intelligence models to optimize our Services

Direct marketing	
Contact data
Demographic data, 
Communications data 
Marketing data
Legitimate Interests

We have a legitimate interest in promoting our operations and goals as an organisation and sending marketing communications for that purpose

Consent, in circumstances or in jurisdictions where consent is required under applicable data protection laws to the sending of any given marketing communications
Events	
Contact data
Demographic data
Communications data
Marketing data
Contractual Necessity to administer the event (including communicating with you as and where necessary)

Consent, in circumstances or in jurisdictions where consent is required under applicable data protection laws to the sending of any given marketing communications

Service improvement and analytics	
Contact data
Demographic data
Communications data
User-generated content
Device data
Online activity data
Communication interaction data
Legitimate Interests

We have a legitimate interest in providing you with a good service, which is personalised to you and that remembers your selections and preferences

Consent, in respect of any optional cookies used for this purpose
Compliance and protection	
Any and all data types relevant in the circumstances
Compliance with Law

Legitimate Interests

Where Compliance with Law is not applicable, we have a legitimate interest in participating in, supporting, and following legal process and requests, including through co-operation with authorities. We may also have a legitimate interest of ensuring the protection, maintenance, and enforcement of our rights, property, and/or safety

Further uses	
Any and all data types relevant in the circumstances
The original legal basis relied upon, if the relevant further use is compatible with the initial purpose for which the personal information was collected

 Consent, if the relevant further use is not compatible with the initial purpose for which the personal information was collected

Other info
No sensitive personal information. We ask that you not provide us with any sensitive personal information (e.g., information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religion or other beliefs, health, biometrics or genetic characteristics, criminal background or trade union membership) on or through the services, or otherwise to us. If you provide us with any sensitive personal information when you use the services, you must consent to our processing and use of such sensitive personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you do not consent to our processing and use of such sensitive personal information, you must not submit such sensitive personal information through our services.

No Automated Decision-Making and Profiling. As part of the Service, we do not engage in automated decision-making and/or profiling, which produces legal or similarly significant effects.

Your rights
General. European data protection laws give you certain rights regarding your personal information. If you are located in Europe, you may ask us to take the following actions in relation to your personal information that we hold:

Access. Provide you with information about our processing of your personal information and give you access to your personal information.

Correct. Update or correct inaccuracies in your personal information.

Delete. Delete your personal information where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it - you also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal information where you have exercised your right to object to processing (see below).

Transfer. Transfer a machine-readable copy of your personal information to you or a third party of your choice.

Restrict. Restrict the processing of your personal information, for example if you want us to establish its accuracy or the reason for processing it.

Object. Object to our processing of your personal information where we are relying on Legitimate Interests – you also have the right to object where we are processing your personal information for direct marketing purposes.

Withdraw Consent. When we use your personal information based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time.

Exercising These Rights. You may submit these requests by email to privacy@gamma.app or our postal address provided in the ‘How to contact us’ section. We may request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and process your request. Whether or not we are required to fulfill any request you make will depend on a number of factors (e.g., why and how we are processing your personal information), if we reject any request you may make (whether in whole or in part) we will let you know our grounds for doing so at the time, subject to any legal restrictions.

Your Right to Lodge a Complaint with your Supervisory Authority. In addition to your rights outlined above, if you are not satisfied with our response to a request you make, or how we process your personal information, you can make a complaint to the data protection regulator in your habitual place of residence.

For users in the European Economic Area – the contact information for the data protection regulator in your place of residence can be found here: https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en

For users in the United Kingdom – the contact information for the UK’s data protection regulator can be found here: https://ico.org.uk/make-a-complaint/

Data Processing outside Europe
We are based in the U.S. This means that, if you use the Service, your personal information will necessarily be accessed and processed in the U.S. It may also be provided to recipients in other countries outside Europe.

It is important to note that the US is not the subject of an ‘adequacy decision’ under the GDPR – basically, this means that the U.S. legal regime is not considered by relevant European bodies to provide an adequate level of protection for personal information, which is equivalent to that provided by relevant European laws.

Where we share your personal information with third parties who are based outside Europe, we try to ensure a similar degree of protection is afforded to it by making sure one of the following mechanisms is implemented:

Transfers to territories with an adequacy decision. We may transfer your personal information to countries or territories whose laws have been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal information by the European Commission or UK Government (as and where applicable) (from time to time).

Transfers to territories without an adequacy decision.

We may transfer your personal information to countries or territories whose laws have not been deemed to provide such an adequate level of protection (e.g., the U.S., see above).

However, in these cases:

we may use specific appropriate safeguards, which are designed to give personal information effectively the same protection it has in Europe – for example, standard-form contracts approved by relevant authorise for this purpose; or

in limited circumstances, we may rely on an exception, or ‘derogation’, which permits us to transfer your personal information to such country despite the absence of an ‘adequacy decision’ or ‘appropriate safeguards’ – for example, reliance on your explicit consent to that transfer.

You may contact us if you want further information on the specific mechanism used by us when transferring your personal information out of Europe.

Footer Logo Gradient
Product
Pricing
Inspiration
Education
Prompt guide
Insights
Templates
Company
About
Careers
Team
Help
Community
Developer docs
Contact us
Social
Instagram
LinkedIn
TikTok
X
YouTube
Privacy
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Cookie Notice
Cookie Preferences
© 2025 Gamma Tech, Inc.

