Gamma Tech, Inc.
Cookie Notice
Effective as of 8/30/2024.

This Cookie Notice explains how Gamma Tech, Inc. ("Gamma", "we", "us" or "our") uses cookies and other similar technologies on its website that links to this Cookie Notice (the "Site"), as well as in our emails, and your related choices in relation to the same.

Please refer to our Privacy Policy for more information on our privacy practices.

Managing your preferences
Before we dive into the details - if you are just looking to manage your preferences on our Site relating to cookies and similar technologies (including opting-out), you can do so at any time through our Cookie Preference Center.

If you do not accept our cookies, you may experience some inconvenience in your use of our Site. If you want to find out more about cookies and similar technologies on our Site and in our emails, please keep reading.

What types of technologies does Gamma use?
We may use any or all of the following “technologies” on our Site and in our emails:

Cookies:
A cookie is a very small text file that may be placed on your browser or in the storage on your device. There are two types: “session cookies” and “persistent cookies”. Session cookies are cookies that disappear from your device or browser when you close your browser. Persistent cookies stay on your device even after you close your browser.

Please note that both Gamma and third-party service providers may set cookies on our Site - these 'third-party cookies' are set by domains other than those we control and may recognise your device across different websites.

Pixel tags:
A pixel tag is a single pixel, transparent GIF image with a unique identifier that can recognise certain types of data on your device. They are used to operate and improve the Site and our email practices, including to help deliver cookies, count visits and understand usage and email campaign effectiveness.

For example, we may put pixel tags in our emails to understand how you interact with that email – for example, whether you opened the email, whether you forwarded it, whether you clicked on a link in the email that directed you to our Site etc., – these pixels may collect the time, location and operating system of the device you use to read the email.

Other similar technologies:
We may also use other tracking technologies, such as mobile advertising IDs and tags, HTML5 local storage / local shared objects (which store relevant data locally on your device), for similar purposes as described in this Cookie Notice.

So, when we refer to cookies and “similar technologies” in this Cookie Notice, such reference includes reference to the pixel tags discussed above, HTML5 local storage / local shared objects and other equivalent tracking technologies.

For what reasons do we use cookies and similar technologies?
The purposes for which we use technologies may fall into one of the following categories:

Strictly necessary technologies: these technologies are essential in order to enable our Site to provide the function you have requested, such as by helping to ensure that the content of a page loads quickly and effectively.
Functionality technologies: these technologies allow us to provide enhanced personalisation and functionality, such as tailoring content to you, remembering your choices and preferences on the Site (e.g. language, text size, etc.) or remembering search parameters.
Analytics technologies: these technologies collect information on how users interact with our Site and enable us to improve how it operates.
Targeting technologies: these technologies collect information about your browsing habits in order to provide advertising which is more relevant to you and your interests – for example, they remember the websites you have visited and share that information with other parties such as advertising technology service providers.
A full list of the technologies we use can be found in the section titled: Details of Cookies and Similar Technologies.

How can you manage your consent?
You can control or limit how cookies and similar technologies are used by taking the following steps:

Managing your preferences on our Site (including by opting-out) at any time by using our Cookie Preference Center.
Pixel tags in emails can typically be blocked by default if you configure your preferences in your email client to block external images or set it to show “plain text only” emails.
Managing your browser or device settings to clear or decline cookies (for instance, by using a “private” or “incognito” mode). If you disable cookies, however, some of the features of our services may not function properly.
For more information about cookies, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.

In particular, for more details about how Google uses data when in the context of Google Analytics, please see here: www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners.

Finally, if you do not accept certain non-essential cookies and similar technologies, you may experience some inconvenience in your use of our Site. For example, we may not be able to recognise your device and you may need to log in every time you use our Site.

Details of cookies and similar technologies
Please click here to view details of the specific cookies and other similar technologies that we use. The details shown at this link (including the cookies and other similar technologies shown there) may change over time.

Changes to this Cookie Notice
Information about the cookies and similar technologies we use may be updated from time to time, so please check this Cookie Notice on a regular basis for any changes.

Questions
If you have any questions about this Cookie Notice, please contact us by email at privacy@gamma.app.